Add docs for configuring transport (#1509)
Azure/azure-signalr: docs/advanced-topics/transport-configuration.md

# Transport configuration
Currently, Azure SignalR Service supports configuring the transport type between clients and service. You can specify the transport type for each client by setting `ServiceOptions.TransportTypeDetector`.
The `TransportTypeDetector` is a function which takes the `HttpContext` during negotiation as parameter and returns a bit mask combining one or more transport type values.

> For example, if you want to disable the Server-Sent Event transport for all clients, you can set a transport type detector when you add Azure SignalR Service as a dependency:

Reviewer: disable SSE -> enable WebSockets and LongPolling only. Use positive description to match the code?

> For example, if you want to disable the Server-Sent Event transport for all clients, you can set a transport type detector when you add Azure SignalR Service as a dependency:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to enable WebSocket and Long Polling only for all clients, you can set a transport type detector when you add Azure SignalR Service as a dependency:
```
